Emily: distance has not made
any kind of difference in the
care and compassion that you
receive from your instructors at
any time. I mean, I can call I
can email, anything that I need.
I know that somebody's there,
regardless of where I'm at. I'm
Emily Sargent and I earned my
degree online at Southeast
Kentucky Community and Technical
College. I studied my Associates
in Science here at se post
graduation, I am wanting to go
and get my farm D. And I will be
attending South College of
Pharmacy in Knoxville,
Tennessee, there are several big
advantages. The first would
probably be the cost. I was a
kid that didn't have financial
items. And I had to pay my way
through all of this. And it
definitely wasn't like going to
a big university where I would
have a lot of data, I'm able to
graduate pretty much debt free
because I was able to afford the
programs here. The second would
probably be the flexibility, I
was able to have other part time
to a full time job. And it's not
like I put my college education
on the backburner. But it
definitely gave me the ability
to do other things if I wanted
to. You definitely had to be
organized and put together and
be a little bit scheduled in
your own life, but it really
helped me. I would definitely
say that if you were thinking
about enrolling in online
classes, try it. It's not for
everybody. Some people don't
learn that great in the
classroom. I surely didn't. And
so being online, definitely
helped me achieve my goals based
on how I learned don't count out
the small community college. You
know, most people will think
that just to have a reputable
degree, you have to go to some
college or university that is
prestigious that would cost you
a lot of money. When you can get
the same thing here. Just
because you were in a certain
situation doesn't mean that
there's not resources and
programs out there that can't
help you an online program can
really help you achieve those
goals that you have no matter
what